Iconara DOM framework v2.0
Free/Libre and Open Source Software exception to the GNU GPL.


1. Legal Terms and Conditions

As a special exception to the terms and conditions of version 2.0 of the GPL:

You are free to distribute a Derivative Work that is formed entirely from the
Program and one or more works (each, a "FLOSS Work") licensed under one or more
of the licenses approved by the Open Source Initiative (OSI), as long as:

    1. You obey the GPL in all respects for the Program and the Derivative Work,
       except for identifiable sections of the Derivative Work which are not
       derived from the Program, and which can reasonably be considered
       independent and separate works in themselves,
	2. all identifiable sections of the Derivative Work which are not derived 
	   from the Program, and which can reasonably be considered independent and 
	   separate works in themselves,
	       1. are distributed subject to one of the FLOSS licenses listed 
	          below, and
	       2. the object code or executable form of those sections are
	          accompanied by the complete corresponding machine-readable source
	          code for those sections on the same medium and under the same
	          FLOSS license as the corresponding object code or executable forms
	          of those sections, and
	3. any works which are aggregated with the Program or with a Derivative Work
	   on a volume of a storage or distribution medium in accordance with the
	   GPL, can reasonably be considered independent and separate works in
	   themselves which are not derivatives of either the Program, a Derivative
	   Work or a FLOSS Work.

If the above conditions are not met, then the Program may only be copied,
modified, distributed or used under the terms and conditions of the GPL or
another valid licensing option from Theo Hultberg/Iconara.


2. Definitions

    1. Terms used, but not defined, herein shall have the meaning provided in 
       the GPL.
    2. Derivative Work means a derivative work under copyright law.
    3. OSI approved licenses are considered to be licenses listed by OSI as 
       approved, on the OSI web site. The current address of the OSI web site
       is www.opensource.org.


3. Applicability

This FLOSS Exception applies to all Programs that contain a notice placed by
Theo Hultberg/Iconara saying that the Program may be distributed under the terms of this
FLOSS Exception. If you create or distribute a work which is a Derivative Work
of both the Program and any other work licensed under the GPL, then this FLOSS
Exception is not available for that work; thus, you must remove the FLOSS
Exception notice from that work and comply with the GPL in all respects,
including by retaining all GPL notices. You may choose to redistribute a copy of
the Program exclusively under the terms of the GPL by removing the FLOSS
Exception notice from that copy of the Program, provided that the copy has never
been modified by you or any third party.


Theo Hultberg/Iconara, March 2005

This statement is derived from the MySQL FLOSS exception to the GNU GPL. The original
can be found at http://www.mysql.com/company/legal/licensing/foss-exception.html.